What's up?
Have you been waiting at the village gate for a long time?
Met this colleague who I met a few days ago
He insisted on sending me back and said he was looking for you.
It's you, Chenchen
Tell me what's the matter with me
Well, I'll stay at my house tonight
We are just right
Catch up, Captain, that's great
Then I'll go back and pack up first
You talk slowly along the way
Don't worry, you can go to grandma's side first.
She wants Mr. Tang to wait for you
Hey, what captain?
Your fiancee is coming to see you in two days?
No, no, no, it's Comrade Qin
Captain, do you really treat him as an object?
I think this woman is really not an ordinary person
What if he really has a problem?
So I don't call women to court.
Tell me, a reporter has investigated it clearly
Their home
Ningnan is an ordinary citizen family
He was the youngest person in the family.
There are also two brothers and one sister on it.
One of the eldest brothers was adopted
Currently working in the Shanghai Commercial Health Force
This second brother is a worker
This second sister is an actress in a cultural troupe
Is there anything else?
What else is there to say?
That's their family for generations.
They are all servants of your family
After your family moved to Hong Kong?
They divided the estate, thank you
So this jadeite Ruyi is really your home.
Your family just went to Hong Kong.
Not beautiful
Captain, you suspect that there are hostile forces in the employment
Anchor's concealed suit
He's not sure.
However, Lin Yuan and Bai Yi
They all value the jade Ruyi in his hand very much.
It's pitiful
Is that so?
You keep staring at everyone in your house
Don't let anything go is to ensure that the task is completed
Someone tried to assassinate me some time ago
You go and find out who ordered it.
What? There's such a thing?
You have to do it in secret.
Oh yeah, I'm in Charing
Let others know about the garden
Including my old man
Guaranteed to complete the task well
There's nothing else. Just go
Hey, captain, won't you tell me to stay for one night?
I don't have enough beds.
What, you want me to sleep on the floor?
Away from quarreling with you in your hometown
That's not that's not
Come here if you want to see flowers
Hey, okay.